Add docs for in-place upgrades (#7709)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/clustermgmt/cluster-upgrades/baremetal-upgrades.md

- `kubernetesVersion`
- `workerNodeGroupConfigurations.kubernetesVersion`

### Advanced configuration for upgrade rollout strategy

EKS Anywhere allows an optional configuration to customize the behavior of upgrades. 

> `upgradeRolloutStrategy` configuration can be specified separately for control plane and for each worker node group.

Reviewer: nit 
```suggestion
`upgradeRolloutStrategy` can be configured separately for control plane and for each worker node group.
```

The maximum number of machines that can be unavailable during the upgrade.

This can only be configured for worker nodes.

Example: When this is set to n, the old worker node group can be scaled down by n machines immediately when the rolling upgrade starts. Once new machines are ready, old worker node group can be scaled down further, followed by scaling up the new worker node group, ensuring that the total number of machines unavailable at all times during the upgrade never falls below n.

### Rolling Upgrades

The `RollingUpdate` rollout strategy type allows the specification of two parameters that control the desired behavior of rolling upgrades: 
* `maxSurge` - The maximum number of machines that can be scheduled above the desired number of machines. When not specified, the current CAPI default of 1 is used.
* `maxUnavailable` - The maximum number of machines that can be unavailable during the upgrade. When not specified, the current CAPI default of 0 is used.

> Example configuration:

Author: We have the full spec example a few lines above this. Starting here: https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/7709/files#diff-4c729e0ba5413a67126f232985b4255a49f0a68645ac53896c2a3e8f08221977R293

With this kind of configuration, the rolling upgrade will proceed node by node, deprovision and delete a node fully before re-provisioning it with upgraded version, and re-join it to the cluster. This means that any point during the course of the rolling upgrade, there could be one unavailable node.

### In-Place Upgrades

As of EKS Anywhere version `v0.19.0`, the `InPlace` rollout strategy type can be used to upgrade the Kubernetes version by upgrading the components on the same physical machines without requiring additional server capacity.

> We will schedule privilege pods that will execute the upgrade logic as a sequence of containers on each node to be upgraded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will schedule a privileged pod that will execute the upgrade logic as a sequence of init containers on each node to be upgraded.
```

> This upgrade logic includes, but is not limited to, updating the kubeadm, kubectl and kubelet binaries and restarting those services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This upgrade logic includes, but is not limited to, updating the containerd, cri-tools, kubeadm, kubectl and kubelet binaries as well as core Kubernetes components and restarting those services.
```
